Introduced env variable `PDS_JOB_UUID` #863 (#1377)
mercedes-benz/sechub: sechub-doc/src/docs/asciidoc/documents/shared/pds_options.adoc

NOTE: There are some more mandatory parameters, please refer to <<section-general-configuration,general configuration>> 

===== Logging
====== Default output

> {pds} uses per default logging to stdout, so you just need to use something like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{pds} uses per default logging to `stdout`. In case you are running on Kubernetes or similar platforms you can use
```

> `fluentd` PODs to gather log output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fluentd` to gather the log output.
```
